hi guys how are you guys doing to today
I have a little haul for you guys
everything in this hall is black and
white and I know a lot of you guys are
always like oh my god you wear so much
why you are so much block it's because i
really like black and white I mean I do
love pink and a lot of other colors too
but I do love black and white it's
because I feel like it's always timeless
and very classy and amazing kind of like
coco chanel coco sure not always is
black and white a lot of it so i do
really really love black and white so
today I do have a Hall of a lot of black
and white things and it's from a website
called Chi inside calm some of the stuff
I got that is like preparing for the
fall because i did get longer sleeves
and things like that and some of it is
like for summer / fall because it is
super hot still in LA so I want to start
by showing you guys the shirt that I'm
wearing right now which is this striped
off-the-shoulder super sexy top and it's
record sleeve and if you guys want to
see a picture of me wearing it it is
right over here that's what it looks
like and I wore it on a hot summer day
was a little bit warm but I thought it
was super cute and it still looks
summery with the shoulders showing but
it also can be from the fall because it
is three-quarter sleeve blink so I
really really love it and I wore it
today and I kind of felt like a Parisian
person so I did put up a selfie right
over here and I captioned it feeling a
little Parisian today the next item I
want to show you guys is a sweatshirt
and you guys know I love leopard print
so it is a leopard print long sleeve
sweatshirt just like this and the bottom
is super cute because the back is a
little bit longer and the front is a
little bit shorter and it's just like a
typical sweater with the round scoop
neck but it is sporty and fashionable so
I feel like it's 40 and sexy so I will
definitely be wearing this in the fall
or as it gets more chili I will
definitely be wearing this and I love it
so this is item number two and this is a
picture of me wearing this outfit I love
it so much I think it's super cute and
you can wear with shorts and I
definitely will be wearing it in the
fall with leggings so the next item is a
white crop top and you guys know I love
love love love love white crop tops I
wear them all the time and this is what
this one looks like the straps are
adjustable which I love and it's just
thick so I love that about it a lot of
crop tops like summary ones are thinner
and more see-through and I like this one
because it is thicker and it's also
stretchy and also have a
zipper in the back so you can zip it up
and it's still super form-fitting I just
have so many white crop tops but I feel
like you can never have enough because
they do go with everything you can layer
it with a blazer for the fall and you
could definitely wear it with like a
little skirt or high waist shorts for
the summertime so this is a crop top
that I got and you guys know I can't not
by a clubbing dress so I did buy a sexy
white and black classy little Kardashian
asked dress deep v in the front and deep
v in the back and it's a mini dress and
this is a picture of me wearing it and I
think it's super sexy but also very
classy with the white and black look so
that's actually everything that got on
CH inside calm for my black and white
hall everything was black and white a
little bit of leopard thumbs of the
video if you guys like this and let me
know in the comments below what you guys
thought about everything i love you guys
so much thank you guys so much for
watching if you guys want to see more
halls and stuff let me know in the
comments below love you guys bye mwah